docs: clarify object identity uniqueness and NodeRestriction label constraints (#54324)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/create-cluster-kubeadm.md

By default, kubeadm enables the [NodeRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#noderestriction)
admission controller that restricts what labels can be self-applied by kubelets on node registration.

{{< caution >}}

> Because of the `NodeRestriction` admission controller, you **cannot** use the kubelet `--node-labels` flag to apply restricted labels (such as `node-role.kubernetes.io/`) during initialization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the `NodeRestriction` admission controller, you **cannot** use the kubelet
`--node-labels` flag to apply restricted labels (such as `node-role.kubernetes.io/*`) during initialization. 
```

multi line split and add asterisk.

> If you attempt to use restricted labels via the kubelet, the node will fail to register with the API server.

Reviewer: Latin words like `via` are not allowed in the docs

```suggestion
If you attempt to add restricted labels  by using this kubelet flag, the node will fail to register
with the API server.
```

{{< /caution >}}

> To apply these labels manually, you must use `kubectl label` after the node has joined the cluster. Ensure you are using a privileged kubeconfig, such as the kubeadm-managed `/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply these labels manually, you must use `kubectl label` after the node has joined the cluster.
Ensure you are using a privileged kubeconfig, such as the kubeadm-managed `/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf`.
```

multi line split.
